c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\DespachoSPA.dll.config
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\DespachoSPA.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\DespachoSPA.pdb
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\Breeze.ContextProvider.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\Breeze.WebApi2.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\obj\Debug\DespachoSPA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\obj\Debug\DespachoSPA.dll
c:\users\rober\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DespachoSPA\DespachoSPA\obj\Debug\DespachoSPA.pdb
